Translation corrections (#412)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_010_togoodend.txt

//r私はレナの前にしゃがみこむと、力なく開かれたその手を握る。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私はレナの前にしゃがみこむと、力なく開かれたその手を握る。",

> 			NULL, "I squatted down in front of Rena, and gripped her limply opened hand.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I crouched down in front of Rena, and grabbed her limply opened hand.", Line_Normal);
```

		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/vt4ba_rika1130", 256, TRUE);
	}
	OutputLine(NULL, "「頼りたいと思うことを、誰も迷惑には感じたりしない。それに気づいて欲しかった…でなければ、きっと後悔するから…」",

> 			NULL, "\"You won't inconvenience anyone by wanting a shoulder to lean on. I wanted you to realize that... because otherwise you'd end up regretting over it...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"You won't inconvenience anyone by wanting a shoulder to lean on. I wanted you to realize that... because otherwise you'd end up regretting it...\"", Line_Normal);
```
